Stage 3/8: Palindromic numbers
Description
In this stage, the program should check whether a number is a Palindromic one. A Palindromic number is symmetrical; in other words, it stays the same regardless of whether we read it from left or right. For example, 17371 is a palindromic number. 5 is also a palindromic number. 1234 is not. If read it from right, it becomes 4321. Add this new property to our program.

In previous stages, the program could process only one number. From now on, the program should accept a request from a user, analyze and execute it. The program should print Enter a request instead of asking for a natural number. The program should also continue execution unless a user enters a terminate command. Let's make it 0 (zero).

Your program should welcome users and print the instructions. At this point, make your program execute two commands. If a user enters a natural number, the program should indicate the properties of that number. If a user enters zero, then the program should exit. If a user enters a negative number by mistake, print an error message.

Objectives
In this stage, your program should:

Welcome users;
Display the instructions;
Ask for a request;
Terminate the program if a user enters zero;
If a number is not natural, print an error message;
Print the properties of the natural number;
Continue execution from step 3, after the request has been processed.
The properties are even, odd, buzz, duck and palindromic. The tests won't check the order of properties, indentation, and spaces. You may format numbers as you like. Please, add the information below:

Instructions:

Supported requests:
- enter a natural number to know its properties;
- enter 0 to exit.
Error message:

The first parameter should be a natural number or zero.
Examples
The greater-than symbol followed by a space (> ) represents the user input. Note that it's not part of the input.

Example 1:

Welcome to Amazing Numbers!

Supported requests:
- enter a natural number to know its properties;
- enter 0 to exit.

Enter a request: > 9223372036854775807

Properties of 9,223,372,036,854,775,807
        even: false
         odd: true
        buzz: true
        duck: true
 palindromic: false

Enter a request: > 101

Properties of 101
        even: false
         odd: true
        buzz: false
        duck: true
 palindromic: true

Enter a request: > -56

The first parameter should be a natural number or zero.

Enter a request: > 0

Goodbye!
